[Music]
C
[Music] The
world is full of suffering and worldly
troubles.
Brave and strong, seeking the Way,
bringing benefit
and helping others. Good fortune helps people.
Relieve suffering, always
remember that happiness is not
far away. The Six Harmonies Dharma is like a
deep seed of love, high in the river of compassionate thoughts.
Sometimes there is suffering and strictness, but it
is the true God,
bringing peace to all. [Music] A great figure amidst life, with profound virtue and grace, having her by my side brings happiness and peace. Under the Golden Light of the Dharma, she guides us to the path of enlightenment. We vow to cultivate the Six Harmonies and the Bodhi seed,
helping people find peace and enlightenment. The
Buddha Dharma is vast, bringing
happiness to all. With her by my
side, we pray for enlightenment, the
path to liberation. The
Three Jewels will remain forever.
[Music]
Mindfulness of the Heart. It is very touching that the congregation
has sent their hearts to the Hearth.
The greatest gift is the
Bodhi vow of the esteemed Dharma friends, the
promise of diligent practice.  Dear fellow practitioners,
because the mind of the perfect contemplation relies on the
Three Jewels, and it is from you that meritorious
deeds can be accomplished. With
you, the mind of the
perfect contemplation can be achieved. Therefore, the teachers and monks are the
masters and the monks, but the ones who achieve the perfect contemplation are you.
So,
when you make vows and cultivate the mind of the perfect contemplation, you
will practice and seek enlightenment to awaken
yourself, which will be the seed of Bodhi to awaken sentient beings.
That is the
happiest and
most joyful thing for the mind of the perfect contemplation. If someone walks on this path and
then leaves it, that is the greatest sorrow for the mind of the
practitioner.
Because the most precious thing is the Buddha's teachings. Nothing is
more precious than the Buddha's teachings. If we
do not know the Buddha's teachings and do not believe in karma,
we will do evil, and doing evil will inevitably lead to
suffering. Only by believing in karma can we
abandon evil and do good, and thus end suffering.
Otherwise, we will wait for external things
to give us answers.  Money is a comfort to us;
it cannot end our suffering. It
is merely painkiller, but
we will still suffer from the serious illness
because we have sown the seeds of karma. Therefore,
we must suffer from the karmic consequences of our actions.
Money is only a
temporary painkiller,
not a cure. Only by
understanding karma, believing in karma, and
practicing good deeds can we end our suffering. Therefore, the
greatest gift is the devotion
of the Buddhists who
vow to cultivate Supreme Enlightenment.
That is the greatest gift. All you
esteemed fellow practitioners are those who cultivate Bodhicitta and
practice Bodhicitta virtues. That is an
invaluable gift to the mind of the practitioner,
truly a gift of boundless merit. This
gift truly brings joy
to the mind of the practitioner, bringing happiness
to the mind of the practitioner. I
acknowledge all the gifts that are
crystallized from the hearts of the esteemed fellow practitioners. Thank you
very much, esteemed fellow practitioners.
[Music]
Singing about the kind mother who taught her child the
Dharma.  True nature here is evil, but the foundation is goodness. You
must strive to cultivate virtue, be
grateful to your esteemed teacher, a woman of great love and wisdom, who
listens to all your
suffering and shows you the path to enlightenment. We will always
engrave this in our hearts, diligently practicing and
spreading the Buddha's teachings to the world. We will repay your
kindness
and fulfill our vows to spread the Buddha's teachings to the world.
[Music]
K